osd: support OSD on logical volume in host-based cluster (#7967)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/ceph-cluster-crd.md

  * `sdb`: Only selects the `sdb` device if found
  * `^sd.`: Selects all devices starting with `sd`
  * `^sd[a-d]`: Selects devices starting with `sda`, `sdb`, `sdc`, and `sdd` if found
  * `^s`: Selects all devices that start with `s`
  * `^[^r]`: Selects all devices that do *not* start with `r`
* `devicePathFilter`: A regular expression for device paths (e.g. `/dev/disk/by-path/pci-0:1:2:3-scsi-1`) that allows selection of devices and partitions to be consumed by OSDs.  If individual devices or `deviceFilter` have been specified for a node then this filter will be ignored.  This field uses [golang regular expression syntax](https://golang.org/pkg/regexp/syntax/). For example:
  * `^/dev/sd.`: Selects all devices starting with `sd`
  * `^/dev/disk/by-path/pci-.*`: Selects all devices which are connected to PCI bus
* `devices`: A list of individual device names belonging to this node to include in the storage cluster.

>   * `name`: The name of the devices and partitions (e.g., `sda`). The full udev path can also be specified for of devices, partitions, and logical volumes (e.g. `/dev/disk/by-id/ata-ST4000DM004-XXXX` - this will not change after reboots).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `name`: The name of the devices and partitions (e.g., `sda`). The full udev path can also be specified for devices, partitions, and logical volumes (e.g. `/dev/disk/by-id/ata-ST4000DM004-XXXX` - this will not change after reboots).
```

* `useAllDevices`: `true` or `false`, indicating whether all devices found on nodes in the cluster should be automatically consumed by OSDs. **Not recommended** unless you have a very controlled environment where you will not risk formatting of devices with existing data. When `true`, all devices/partitions will be used. Is overridden by `deviceFilter` if specified.
  * `deviceFilter`: A regular expression for short kernel names of devices (e.g. `sda`) that allows selection of devices/partitions to be consumed by OSDs.  If individual devices have been specified for a node then this filter will be ignored.  This field uses [golang regular expression syntax](https://golang.org/pkg/regexp/syntax/). For example:
  * `sdb`: Only selects the `sdb` device if found
  * `^sd.`: Selects all devices starting with `sd`
  * `^sd[a-d]`: Selects devices starting with `sda`, `sdb`, `sdc`, and `sdd` if found
  * `^s`: Selects all devices that start with `s`
  * `^[^r]`: Selects all devices that do *not* start with `r`

> * `devicePathFilter`: A regular expression for device paths (e.g. `/dev/disk/by-path/pci-0:1:2:3-scsi-1`) that allows selection of devices/partitions to be consumed by OSDs.  If individual devices or `deviceFilter` have been specified for a node then this filter will be ignored.  This field uses [golang regular expression syntax](https://golang.org/pkg/regexp/syntax/). For example:

Reviewer: nit, if you don't mind changing `devices/partitions` in a few places.
```suggestion
* `devicePathFilter`: A regular expression for device paths (e.g. `/dev/disk/by-path/pci-0:1:2:3-scsi-1`) that allows selection of devices and partitions to be consumed by OSDs.  If individual devices or `deviceFilter` have been specified for a node then this filter will be ignored.  This field uses [golang regular expression syntax](https://golang.org/pkg/regexp/syntax/). For example:
```

  * `^/dev/sd.`: Selects all devices starting with `sd`
  * `^/dev/disk/by-path/pci-.*`: Selects all devices which are connected to PCI bus
* `devices`: A list of individual device names belonging to this node to include in the storage cluster.

>   * `name`: The name of the devices/partitions (e.g., `sda`). It's also allowed to specify full udev path (e.g. `/dev/disk/by-id/ata-ST4000DM004-XXXX` - this will not change after reboots) of devices, partitions, and logical volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `name`: The name of the devices and partitions (e.g., `sda`). The full udev path can also be specified for of devices, partitions, and logical volumes (e.g. `/dev/disk/by-id/ata-ST4000DM004-XXXX` - this will not change after reboots).
```
